hey this is precious tile worker and
you're watching mind your decisions
here are three puzzles involving the
following figure a remove three sticks
to leave three squares B remove three
sticks to leave five squares C remove
five sticks to leave two squares can you
figure these out give them a try and
when you're ready keep watching the
video for a solution let's solve each
puzzle in turn first let's remove three
sticks to leave three squares we'll
remove one two and three this leaves
exactly one to three squares now how can
we remove three sticks to leave five
squares we can remove these three sticks
we have four little squares and then we
have one large square which makes the
fifth square
finally how can we remove five sticks to
leave two squares we'll remove these
three outer sticks and then we remove
these two on the inside we're left with
one small square and one large square
did you figure them out and did you
think of any other solutions thanks for
watching this video these math videos
which can be watched for free inspire
and build confidence for people around
the world and they already have over a
hundred million views let's share the
beauty of mathematics with your help we
can map the world a better place please
subscribe for free to get the news
videos watch and share all of my near
decisions videos email me a puzzle presh
at mind your decisions calm if you so
choose you can check out my book
which are listed in the video
description and you can support me on
patreon to earn exclusive rewards thanks
for watching and thanks for your support